sweet
What is your brother doing recently?
He will not participate in this Haicheng Minglou dinner either
I text him and he doesn't reply.
Chiyu
There are some things I don't know whether to say or not
What's up?
It can't be that Gu Haijing has a girlfriend, right?
Didn't he say he didn't want to fall in love in college?
Oops no no
What's that?
My brother recently
Heart death is on a poor student
But people ignore him
true or false?
Of course it's true.
And this woman's means are not simple
People who come out of small doors
You dare to sign the universe with me
Sister Qianyu, my brother mentioned it to me before
Among so many aristocratic families
He likes you the most
Who knew that as soon as this Tian Weiwei appeared
Fascinated him
Oh, Sister Qianyu
My brother just got on at the moment
Don't be too impulsive.
The man who dares to rob me of Zhao Qianyu
You are really not patient enough